# YAMLfmt for Visual Studio Code

YAMLfmt is a strict, consistent and **comment preserving** YAML formatter built on top of [kubernetes-sigs/yaml](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/yaml).

## Reasoning
This small but powerful extension runs the [exact same code that kubectl uses](https://webassembly.org/) when it displays YAML.

### Why does this matter?

1. It ensures consistency with manifests generated by many popular tools: kubectl, kustomize, helm, etc.
1. It eliminate code churn with [competing formatters](https://github.com/prettier/prettier/issues/12385#issuecomment-1147958026)/styles.

### But I write YAML for humans, not machines!

Agreed! That's why YAMLfmt preserves comments. Now you can share and collaborate with other humans using _words_ wow!

## Features

Describe specific features of your extension including screenshots of your extension in action. Image paths are relative to this README file.

For example if there is an image subfolder under your extension project workspace:

\!\[feature X\]\(images/feature-x.png\)

> Tip: Many popular extensions utilize animations. This is an excellent way to show off your extension! We recommend short, focused animations that are easy to follow.

## Requirements

If you have any requirements or dependencies, add a section describing those and how to install and configure them.

## Extension Settings

Include if your extension adds any VS Code settings through the `contributes.configuration` extension point.

For example:

This extension contributes the following settings:

* `yaml.compactSequenceStyle`: Controls whether arrays are indented an extra level

## Known Issues

None.

## Release Notes

Users appreciate release notes as you update your extension.

### 1.0.0

Initial release of YAMLfmt

### For more information

* [YAMLfmt](http://github.com/melt-inc/yamlfmt)

**Enjoy!**
